I assure you: I am quite patient.
Bear witness!
No absolution.
On my oath.
Aim be true.
Unfettered resolve.
The Eye's judgment!
The Eye sees—the Fist crushes!
Quyen wu heng ralei!
Your penance.
Cleanse all discord!
Weakness shall be pruned.
Reprobate.
Unyielding.
Clear mind, decisive strike!
Vow-sworn.
This can't be… the end…
Have I… failed?
So much… left to see…
With vigor!
Celerity!
I will NOT be impeded!
Quickening.
Lo hasaheng.
Making haste.
To serve no one is to let your self-importance master you, Akali.
There will benomercy,noabsolution—not for you.
Spilling your repugnant blood feeds my SEA of retribution, fallen one!
I will seal you away once more!
You must be from the temple ofKoyehn. Thrilling to see such a place still stands!
Adapting art and ritual for war… Incredible to see which traditions prevail.
Karma, I knew you in a past life, I had hoped we could see eye to eye in this one.
Master Kennen. Surely this isn't how you intend to greet an old friend…!
I'm sorry the spirit has left you, monk.
Seven lenses… You must be fromWuju!
The First Lands fought off the Darkin… so how did we nearly fall toyourempire?!
Perhaps your wayward protégé was right to call you a spineless coward.
When the last spirit blossom falls and our communion ends, is it a second death for our visiting ancestors?
It breaks my heart to see what the people of the First Lands did to you.
Vastaya, the people of this world owe your ancestors a great debt.
Further trials await you, Xin Zhao; but you have not been found worthy.
I can smell the contents of your flask from where I stand.
Your mask—which of thefallendo youserve, swordsman?
You've kept our techniques alive. Commendable.
Ruinous determination. We meet in kind.
How curious. I do not understand your modern ways.
Friend or foe, hinder me not!
Had we met under more auspicious circumstances, perhaps we would fight as one; or, not at all.
So… hungry…!
Ugh… manners!
Those who stand alone are easily crushed.
Return to the nightmare whence you came!
I am yourundoing.
Loathsome, broken thing!
Rejoice! I… got them!
A blemish upon your lineage.
You never could recognize when you were outmatched, Rhaast.
I promised I would stop you if you lost your way…
YOUR TWILIGHT HAS ENDED. SUFFER AN ENDLESS NIGHT!
Eyes turned to the heavens—oblivious to the perils of this realm.
May something of worth rise in its place.
Brought here by your own missteps.
I pray you had no regrets…!
I wonder… what do they fight for?
'Rar ungaing.' Hope that helps.
None will lament your absence.
You should have considered your actions.
Another branch pruned.
It is time.
Shades of punishment!
Set upon them!
Nu vi'en teh'rra!
Unwavering judgment.
Penumbra!
Kaunmay'ta yon!
What an honor it is to make your acquaintance, child of the First Lands!
What providence that we have been reunited after— Kennen, how long have I been away…?
You,again? I will deal with you later, bow. There are more pressing matters to attend to.
Come, Xin Zhao. We must cleanse this land of our enemies once more.
Between Past and Future
I know not if I am still fit to prune the tree. If too much is cut, a tree weakens—nonetheless, my vow is unshakeable.
Zai tah'lo… Once more, I must wield the sacred Aion Er'na for the First Lands.
I once vowed to preserve balance. To prune the tree. To strike from the shadows—and deliver judgment.
From the past to the future: two worlds, a second chance. May theKanmeiwalk with me.
A moment! Guaylaca kaunmay'hai fen. You have been blessed.
It is ill luck to leave for battle without making plans for the future. We should gather for tea, yes?
There are countless people in this world. Surely, some of them are worth knowing… Oh! Hello…!
It's arrogant to believe the Kinkou oranyonereally understands what they disrupt, in pursuit of balance.
Time, a silent, unavaoidable destruction. Reducing even the most formidable warriors to nothingness.
Myth is to culture, as conflict is to life. They reveal what people have deemed most important.
The War of the False Kanmei—a name bestowed by those who knownothingof which they speak.
Much has changed, and I do not understand why. Not truly.
Sorrow, hatred, longing, hope: all shaping my actions.
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely
With every moment that passes, I am further from the place I once called home.
Each step since leaving the temple has been like… moving through life as a stranger.
TheKinkouare paralyzed by indecision once more.
Something sinister stirs.
At least this is a… comparatively, peaceful time.
I recognize so little!
All must be raised in equal measure, if we are to achieveanythingworthwhile.
When the eye is blinded and the heart falters, the fist must strike all the harder.
It seems my time in exile was my only reprieve from… endless turmoil.
To feel the sun's warmth… The sweet smell of freedom.
Shei-fuwan-kaunmay'hai-au. Shei-fuwan-kaunmay'hai-au.
A fate that I have not earned is one I cannot accept.
No answers can satisfy my curiosity. What would have,couldhave been.
The Hobbits
My fervor unbound!
Ousai xe'wen!
Relentless fortitude!
Knowing the place and the time of the coming battle, we may concentrate from the greatest distances in order to fight.
Yunara's stomach rumbles.
A battle rages within me…!
I am famished.
There will be time enough for conflicts later—I yearn for a reprieve. Oh! And some tea.
The freedom to come and go as I please… never will I take it for granted.
Our conviction seals our fates.
Perseverance. Patience. Providence.
As long as conflict persists, I am compelled to act.
My death knell will not ring this day.
This is a reward for my sacrifice.
I mustn't take a single breath for granted.
What has become of the Kinkou? Why does the Heart of the Tempest now stand still?
Who is it that will protect you from my ire?
Elden Ring
So ornery. Have you eaten?
AGE OF RETRIBUTION!
AI'MOUTAI JAI YON!
Sar'han om!
Sever weakness.
Receive your fate!