A shortened version of Swain's theme plays.
You would do well to die, before my ravens find you.
The right to rule, held, in my hand.
Try to die with dignity.
How tedious.
Strength is the only teacher.
If you insist on dying.
A conquered nation, is a loyal one.
We must remind them of their place.
You lack discipline.
A petty squabble for pettier men.
Empire above all.
Pity stays the hand of the merciful, but not mine.
Submit.
I will not tolerate interference!
This will be my offering.
Weak of body; weak of mind.
This is the least of my crimes.
The ends of war are death.
Diplomacy is a subtle art.
And to think, they called me a 'cripple'.
Incompetence surrounds me.
The Raven
The Prince
I don't know if you're the wisest being I've ever met, or a pile of mouldering blankets.
Thorns in my side, but your flower is truly something to behold.
Ah yes, Cassiopeia. I admire your commitment to... metaphor.
It was only a matter of time, Darius. Do what you must.
"Your trust may be misplaced, old friend. But it is appreciated.
All roads lead to Noxus—but all visions, to Demacia.
You will find this delicate morsel, quite capable of fighting back.
"You stood by me when I was outcast, so I stood by you when you were drunk. In spite of the stench.
Am I to seek revenge for my poor departed arm? If anything girl, you did me a favor.
"Do they know who killed your father, or do they still blame me?
If you take me, you will leave Noxus with something far worse.
We both move pawns in a grand game. And look at that—It seems I'm winning.
"You see every flaw in me and you do not even blink. A bit unwise, wouldn't you say?
Life would be boring without surprises. You, certainly keep things... interesting.
I suppose this makes us enemies with benefits.
The world may fall to darkness. But Noxus, will remain.
People often ask for a hero, when a villain is what they truly need.
The Vastaya blood is not in my veins. It is on my hands.
The best armor is being forgotten; and you my dear... are quite forgettable.
There can be no balance with a hand on the scale.
Why is he still alive? Another one of Darkwill's loose ends.
'Beware ravens'? The words of a fool who knew nothing of demons.
Your message is your power. You have learned nothing.
I own birds cleverer than you.
I am not smiling, I am threatening to smile. It is still a threat.
I have to know who has a crush on whom.
Which one of you isBeatriceagain?
Their lives are the plunder.
rivals
Predictable, as always.
We have civilized the beast.
More than men must kneel to Noxus.
Its strength is ours.
Death comes to even the most fierce.
I almost pity the brute.
A savage roar, silenced.
Congratulations. We've outsmarted a beast.
You've exceeded my expectations.
Perhaps a promotion is in order. How would you like your own warband?
I owe you a debt. ...That is not as ominous as it sounds.
The Leviathan belongs to me!
One less enemy within.
You were no longer useful.
In death, you will kneel.
This is not even my final form.
Let us end the siege.
One less place to hide.
What Noxus takes, it will defend.
Witness the strength of Noxus!
Stone is not strength.
More important than heroes, are deeds.
Their defences crumble.
Let them find hope in the rubble.
Prepare, and victory is inevitable.
A monument to our victory.
Worth its weight in lives.
All according to plan.
That, is one way to surrender.
The raven was a portent. Their time had come.
Victory awaits.
Another piece cleared from the board.
Death is its own prophecy.
The sooner we kill them all, the sooner we can leave these forsaken wastes.
No quarter. That means 'no mercy' you cretins.
A black flag above Bilgewater. A raven's wing.
Dead men tell tales that only I can hear.
An assassin is due at any moment. It is how I know LeBlanc cares.
I have seen this place... A vision... A battle.
The outcome was decided when they brought an army; and I brought a demon.
If they already call me a villain, what will they call me when I succeed?
It is just as the spies described... A pity I had them executed.
I've heard what they call me. What a waste of their final words.
The more they try to kill me, the more they reveal I am on the right path.
Hmph... I do so enjoy explaining things to idiots.
Destiny marches—like any man.
There is always a choice. The truth is no exception.
After the battle, the ravens feast.
Would they even struggle to survive, if they knew what was to come?
Never make a bargain with a demon... that you intend to keep.
I peer through the darkness others fear.
To redraw the map, the blood of soldiers must be the ink.
A Noxian knows who he is. And what he must do.
The old wounds ache. They are reminders.
I cannot lead if I allow fools to stumble about before me.
Is it not enough for Noxus to be strong?
We are at war. Do not forget it.
They are blind to the cold logic of this world.
When their lives flash before their eyes, so do their secrets.
I suppose I should be grateful they have the decency to fear me.
It is not the visions that haunt me—but what I do not see.
Decisions have consequences. This I know well.
A voice whispers in the shadows. Though few can hear it.
The shadows of our empire, are cast by a raven's wings.
What is one more demon, when I already have so many?
The few, for the many.
The mud on our boots will hide the bloodstains.
I could kill them all. But it would be far crueler to show them that I am right.
A new vantage, is all the advantage I need.
Tell me again all the crimes I've committed, and I'll tell you the price of victory.
One can read the future in battle lines, assuming one can read.
A riddle wrapped in a mystery, hidden within us all.
I have killed more men with words than by my own hand. Not for lack of trying.
I am not done with you yet.
Death's hand.
What have the ravens brought me?
Their whispers itch at the back of my mind.
Forfeit your life.
In death, the veil is lifted.
Your soul was already mine.
She claimed it was the Frost Queen's grave. They believed her.
They fight the mist above the seas, never looking beneath.
An empire, built atop centuries of murder.
The payment for her suffering in Shurima: a black rose.
No daughters. Only soldiers.
Creatures of darkness that grant power to their hosts? How original.
Shaped by humanity, a reflection.
A glimpse, mere seconds into the future.
A vault empty of relics, but filled with corpses.
She's spurned so many suitors. A wonder they did not see why.
They squabble as the winds howl, and the wards fade.
His secrets died with his sculptor.
Ignorant of the very magic you carry into battle. How Demacian.
Magic spills from their land like blood from a wound.
His blood is the only useful thing about him.
Faces fading in the flames. It was all her fault.
The first oath. The one she made tohim.
So he's heard the rumours:the girlwho came back.
Heasked her to do what she could not. To kill me.
A child who had known only hate, confuses it for love.
Which is the greater tragedy, that she fell in battle, or that she fell in line?
The truth beneath the gilding. Only war can bring profit.
So many obsessed with the hero. Tell me of the hammer.
Her arch-rival, a tuskvore? How undignified.
She held their hands as they died, hoping they would drag her with them.
A king remains in the mist, and another marches.
The echo of a soul... Only pain brings it back.
I already knew that.
Your eloquence: seasoning for a repetitive feast.
She feared what she could not understand: herself.
Those born of magic rarely realize its curse, until it is too late.
A pattern, spreading... It has learnt to be alive.
She was closer than he realized.
Suffering pools in the depths where children play.
They flee Noxus on the roads we built!
Leave the survivors to their officers.
Who is it we're fighting? I only see their backs.
One more push, and they will break.
We have the momentum.
Drive them from the battlefield!
Do not fight for conquest, fight to survive!
Are you not children of Noxus?
The dagger is at our throats. But their hands quiver.
They think they have won. Prove them wrong.
Every moment we do not kill them, their advantage grows.
The advantage is ours, if we take it.
A stalemate. How quaint.
A truce in all but name.
Not losing is not winning either.
The battle is yet to be decided.
I often kill in my visions, when I close my eyes. Do not come near.
Some say the darkness stares back... because they cannot see me.
"Secrets whispered in the shadow... have a way of reaching my ears.
More than what we do not understand, we fear being understood.
The more I see, the more I realize how much remains hidden.
It is still watching.
Am I reborn? The truth is rarely so simple.
A minor setback; nothing more.
They think they have won? Pathetic.
It is there in the silence after battle. It is there in me.
If you plan on listing my crimes, mind you do not die of asphyxiation.
Not another word!
When you run out of insults, try steel.
I would not ask of anyone what I would not do myself.
Every day I rule, Noxus becomes a more perfect expression of my will.
The demon is always in the details.
There can be no unity without purpose; and there is one all men are born to.
Gathering intelligence.
I never stop planning.
I suppose it's easier than conquering a demon.
A raven's eye view.
Nefa...
Fah-la...
Nas...
Krah...
Do...
Fear the power you do not see.
The early bird gets the worm.