My countermeasures are ready. Even if you are not.
Your promises will not sway me!
The perfect creature to test the limits of my magic!
Feel my light!
Do not test me!
Bother someone else.
You try my patience!
A necessary maneuver.
I cannot be undone!
Disgraceful!
How unrefined.
I protect my own.
So little effort.
You're in my way!
You seem ill-prepared.
Impress me!
Spare the pleasantries.
Trivial antics.
Still warming up?
Stay… with me…
Does my family… fall with me?
I did my best, Kino…
Mother, I couldn't…
Mind your step!
Pace yourself.
Catch this!
Mother… I'm ready to show you what I've learned.
Our alliance was fruitful,Kiramman. A pity it had to end.
A man with an inflated ego. Groundbreaking.
Professor… is this your last act of defiance?
Such… despair. What is it that haunts you, Hwei?
What will prevail, our affection, or our ambition?
I overlooked your mayhem once, Jinx. I will not repeat that mistake!
Let's see whose light shines brighter!
You move through this world as I once did, Senna… as if you fear losing yourself to your past.
Tell me, Jericho Swain: is your vision as sharp as your tongue?
Vi… When you try to please everyone,no oneis satisfied.
You claim to desire 'peace'; but it seems our definition may differ.
What is it that you hope to accomplish?
I suggest you reconsider! There's no reason for you to suffer.
Willing to risk your life for this endeavor?
My presencealoneis your final warning.
It's not too late for you to turn back!
Something tells me you're not interested in a peaceful resolution.
She's beauty and she's grace, she's…OH!
Empty platitudes provide little comfort.
You arenoMedarda.
You taught me well, mother: a wolf has no mercy.
Draven, such bravado! And such… fragility.
Welcome to war.
From one artist to another: your passion outshines the pain.
Another love, torn away… Goodbye, Jayce.
Such senseless chaos, Jinx.
Tell the others I'm coming for them.Sister.
Even in defeat, your light never dimmed.
THEY FALL BEFORE ME LIKE LONG SHADOWS CAST BY A SETTING SUN!
Senna, there is no more past; rest, now.
General. Didn't foresee this outcome, did you?
Was the badge worth it, Vi?
And here I thought you were more than another man with a god complex.
They never listen.
An avoidable outcome. Shame.
Another malefactor subdued.
Call it 'magical intervention'.
Nothing I couldn't handle.
You were in over your head.
This conflict was beyond your comprehension.
Well, I would have preferred a compromise…
Thought I'd… 'lighten' the mood a little.
I never thought I'd see the day. Let us fight together, mother… as equals.
My mother is willing to sacrifice anything,anyone. If you value your life, do not hold back.
Medardasare known for our strategy and strength. Follow my direction and we'll emerge from this victorious.
There's no telling what fate has in store for us… All we can do is move forward.
It seems as if my absence has left you doubting my abilities. I'll resolve that misconception.
I am no stranger to war—allow me to finish what our foes have started.
If blood must be drawn to secure our safety, so be it.
To think these gifts were hidden within me. The lives I could have saved…
Everything I accomplished inPiltovermeans little in the eyes ofNoxus.
With each obstacle I overcome, I leave behind a chasm of uncertainty.
Revenge is shortsighted; I cannot submit to its temptations.
For so long, I wanted to regain my family's respect; but I wasn't prepare for what it would cost me…
Lies may seed hope in the naive, but they erode the roots of those who plant them.
The Medardas depend on my strength. My unwaivering conviction.
I feel them watching,desperatefor something that proves I'm unfit to lead. Let them waste their time!
What else is hidden beneath my sigils…?
To blend in, we shed authenticity.
Compassion does not beget weakness.
Leadership requires one to learn quickly and constantly.
War should only be a last resort.
The wolf, the fox—both necessary, both unrelenting.
Change is the only constant.
Any worthwhile venture involves risk.
Inaction invites regret.
I choose to forgive wherever possible.
The best lies are wrapped in truth.
Assess the surroundings; anticipate any outcome!
Only trust those who've earned it.
Now that I've returned to my family, what challenges await us?
The arcane is at my fingertips…
TheBlack Rosewillanswer for all that they've done.
See through deception.
Steady is stagnant.
Kino… I should've been there for you.
Any desire can be exploited.
A true leader is secure in her judgment.
Things were so much simpler on theCouncil!
I deserve everything I've attained; I know that now.
I'll outshine them all.
The wrath of the Medardas!
Illuminate their lies!
I kneel to no one!
Fatigue is the enemy of success.
Such negotiations are rarely linear.
Constant use of my magic is beginning to take a toll. A brief break should do the trick.
Just a moment—I require additional resources!
Rest is strategic: restoring the body and reigniting the mind.
Medardas stay ready at all times, be it with friend or foe.
So, I've returned—yet another mystery!
Adapt to their behavior.Nomore mistakes!
My magic still flows. Do my sigils protect it?
No, I was born to lead; I will show them why.
A mere oversight…!
Focus. Do not lose your composure.
The foolish need not approach!
My apologies—I don't recall asking for your input.
Your best was insufficient!
Was that your full strength?
I hardly felt a thing.
The golden rule!
Change of plans!
A valiant attempt.
Not interested.
My rebuttal!
Reposition!
With grace!
A paradigm shift!
Shatter their expectations.