I have more important matters to attend to.
Know your place,demon.
You are nothing.
Soobvious.
Absolutely not.
Begone!
A pedestrian ploy.
This again.
Obey!
Get back.
I don't have time for this.
Wasted effort.
WE'LL MEET… AGAIN…
YOU HAVE… DOOMED US ALL…
JUST… AS PLANNED…!
Bound to my service.
Sons, daughters, legacies. I'll take whatever you have, Ambessa!
Remember who it is you serve.
Youwere the ones who brought the world to its knees? That seems unlikely.
I have been warned against your kind, fallen one.
I have bound and banished more of your kind than I care to remember.
Who is caught in whose web, I wonder…?
This betrayal is disappointing, sister—but not unexpected.
Tell me, Jarvan: what do you remember of your mother?
Ahh, the young prince! You have your father's eyes…
Katarina, still looking for father figures to disappoint?
I'll tear your family's name from the histories, Medarda!
I ended you once, you bastard! I will do it again!
You have something that belongs to me, rune mage.
Such ambition, Jericho. Such… arrogance. I can work with that.
Usurper…! You have ruinedten centuries of work!
TheDu Couteauname is worthless, boy, aim higher.
A tasteless homage to an unworthy role model, Veigar.
Must we do this again, Vladimir…
Hemomancer—please.
I could obliterate you where you stand. Convince me why I should not.
Congratulations, you found me. Or have you?
Consider your next moveverycarefully.
I reallydolook tired.
Dealing with you is… exhausting!
Pitifulcreature.
Almost too easy. Perhaps you're not the weapon I seek after all.
And where is your god now, hm?
If not me, then who?
There is nothing more catastrophic to a kingdom, than an empty throne.
So predictable—just like your mother.
Clearly, you did not learn from your mother's failings.
HOW MANY TIMES MUST I DESTROY YOU, REVENANT?
If I must become the whole world's villain, thenSO BE IT!
Tyruswas right about you.
You showed such promise, Jericho Swain; what a waste.
Well… your sisters will be upset by that, no doubt.
Mortal vanity, undone by magic.
Bear witness to thefallof empires.
I will not be held back by these meager defenses.
Sleep now, little one, I will not give up on you.
'Immortal'… and already outliving your usefulness.
Pathetic.
You had every chance to turn back.
May this be a warning to others!
I presume that was not the outcome you sought.
You will not be missed.
Eugh… You must be another ofVladimir'srevolting experiments.
Cassiopeia. You have sacrificed much for our cause; how much more are you willing to risk?
Elise, what news from theShadow Isles? What does theVilemawsee?
Your power grows, Mel. Let me help you unlock your true potential.
You are only here because Ipermit it, Revenant! Remember that!
Ryze, youknowwhat happens to those who walk away from the Black Rose.
It pains me to see you like this, Sion… You deserved better.
The people ofNoxussee only their 'Grand General', but I know who is really in control.
I grow weary of you, Vladimir. You should remedy that.
You may be thinking that my face looks familiar. Perhaps you are right… or perhaps not.
It is said that every rose has its thorns, but none are sharper than mine.
Until you have witnessed both the beginning and the end of an era, your desultory opinions matter very little to me.
It matters not whether you are my ally or my enemy.
I have a plan. I won't hesitate to leave you behind, should you fail to play your part.
Though the pieces move across the board, only a fool would expect the same tired strategies to yield different results.
What manner of flower may thrive without sunlight or sustenance? I know the answer—and soon, so shall all of Noxus.
Nothing burns as hot as the need for vengeance; especially when it has been stoked for centuries.
Do not trust someone who has never lost everything they care about.
I am not looking for counsel. If I wanted a second opinion, I would simply ask myself.
I took a rabble of barbarians and whispered to them dreams of empire—and look at them now: insatiable, unstoppable.
The pale woman is nought but a reflection of a people's deepest fears and insecurities.
They call me cruel. Indeed… from a mouse's perspective, even a lazy cat may be evil incarnate.
Incompetent leaders can easily be deposed. It is those who follow them who are the real problem.
Lies are like roses: marvel too long at the bloom, and one may miss the thorns benenath.
My former master believed in destiny, domination and deceit—failing to realize the last would be his downfall.
Do not judge someone for what they are, but rather by what they do and say.
The difference between the truth and lie can be… confusing to some.
I remember when Noxii was a curse against those who dwelt beyond the Sun's light. TypicalTargonianhubris.
Smoke and mirrors. Shadow and steel.
Unforeseen turns are simply part of any path.
Moving forward—never back.
I have a… unique view of this world. Several hundred of them, in fact.
The plan must be followed to its completion.
The greatest threat toNoxuslies within this upstartTrifarix.
They speak so casually of tyranny and oppression. They do not know what I have endured.
I never asked for any of this, but I won't go back. Not now…
Vision. Might. Guile. It's almost comical how history repeats itself.
The scenario plays out over and over again.
I'll make this quick.
Up is down and night is day, if I say it is so.
The Tragedy of Macbeth
I am the answer to every question anyone has ever asked.
Secrets are coins better saved, than spent.
In my experience, such artifacts do not belong in mortal hands.
Tell me more about your business plan, shopkeep.
A strange place to set up shop—andtwomerchants here, no less.
'Divide and conquer,' as it were.
I am a sisterhood of one.
My sigil be upon you!
You cannot hide from me…!
Youwillobey!
This one is mine.
You are marked!
My knowledge of the arcane is unrivaled.
This has gone on long enough.
Those fools underestimate me!
I said: move!
Outof my way!
A new plan must be devised.
Try as I may, I cannotalwaysbe everywhere at once…!
I shall consult with my sisters and return.
There are preparations I must make.
Failure is instructional.
My return should come as no surprise to anyone at this point…
My greatest strength is that there are so many of us…
No matter—I will try again.
Revenge is a dish; the truth is a pit; words are weapons… Do you follow?
How does eternity in asunless pitsound?
There is little that escapes my notice.
Nothing transpires here that does not serve my purposes.
Stand aside.
The Black Rose shall bloom once more.