You've already lost.
Voidborn, I am the arbiter of your demise.
Bless me, Sentinel, or perish.
Sovereign of dragons, I will break you.
You're nothing but a glorified serpent.
Lend me your primordial fury.
Disgusting.
A false herald to a silent crowd.
You herald your own demise.
Bend to my will, you pebble.
Life bows to my command.
Mindless beasts.
Myresolve is stronger.
I will silence your appetite.
Your death will be my blessing.
Nature fights, because it must.
I am beyond myth.
Youwillsubmit.
I am Ixtal!
Pathetic!
On yourknees!
Witness my might.
Break upon me.
Youdarechallenge me?!
Torn to shreds!
I am your end.
I ambrackern!
I eclipse you.
Pay tribute.
I will shatter you!
You arenothing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeh...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeh...
No! I cannot die! I am eternal—!
I will keep them safe... I must...
No! I cannot die! I am eternal—!
I will keep them safe... I must...
I am calamity!
Bend or break!
Crush beneath me!
Ascension is but a desperate grasp for power! I will rip it from you.
You invited your own end, Azir.
I stand between my people and your appetite, Bel'Veth.Starve.
From Ascended to Darkin—this corruption was always your fate.
Child of Ixtal, I will show you my vision of the future.
Master Saijax, show me the final echo of Icathia's hope.
Ne'Zuk's creation—Malphite, you are but a shard of your former glory.
The 'gentle flame'? You carry a traitor's fire.
Qiyana, daughter of the Yun. I know what mutiny you plot in the shadows.
An 'armordillo'? ...No.
Youweavestone, Taliyah; Icommandit.
I will excise your corruption from this land, Voidborn.
Zyra, I will uproot you from this world like a weed.
I am Skarner of Clan Ọ̀pal-hin, progeny of broodmother Nixalẹ, and I will be your undoing.
Against me, you are nothing.
I will live an eternity. You, an instant.
You may request my counsel, but I do nothaveto accept.
Your impact on this world is but a grain of sand in a vast desert! Let me show you.
What did I just—oh, oh... oh, disgusting.
I sentence you to one million years in the dungeon.
Adventure Time
Men in Black
What did I just—oh, oh... oh, disgusting.
Shurima sees you for what you truly are, Ascended. Embrace the fall.
Shurima sees you for what you truly are, Ascended. Embrace the fall.
Only false gods bleed, Azir.
Only false gods bleed, Azir.
Drown within your lavender sea, 'empress.'
Drown within your lavender sea, 'empress.'
The gilding of the Ascended, cracked to show the rot within.
The gilding of the Ascended, cracked to show the rot within.
Rest, child of Ixtal. No one can hurt you now.
Rest, child of Ixtal. No one can hurt you now.
A beautiful blaze, from the1last light of Icathia.
A beautiful blaze, from the1last light of Icathia.
As worthless as your name, 'Malphite.'
As worthless as your name, 'Malphite.'
Even the gentlest ember can ignite a wildfire, Milio.
Even the gentlest ember can ignite a wildfire, Milio.
ALL CRUMBLE IN THE WAKE OF MY CALAMITY!
ALL CRUMBLE IN THE WAKE OF MY CALAMITY!
Believing yourself my equal was your undoing, Qiyana.
Believing yourself my equal was your undoing, Qiyana.
Someone remove this thing from my sight...
Someone remove this thing from my sight...
Taliyah, in death, you've woven your own shroud.
Taliyah, in death, you've woven your own shroud.
You die in service to me.
You are no threat to Ixtal now.
Your corpse will be a warning to those who would defy me.
This body lies before me as a sacrifice.
Your defeat was inexorable.
Life is violent; death is merciless.
Life is violent; death is merciless.
Your defeat was inexorable.
This body lies before me as a sacrifice.
You are no threat to Ixtal now.
You die in service to me.
Your corpse will be a warning to those who would defy me.
I have seen the rise and fall of countless civilizations. This is but one moment among many.
War is a weapon of the weak.Irupture the earth and bring devastation.
For generations,Ihave defended Ixtal. I will defend this land, too.
You want my protection? Prove yourself worthy, and it is yours.
How I've missed the songs of nature.
Even here, I am alone.
Beyond the jungle, lies a wasteland of pain and suffering.
I sacrificedeverythingfor Ixtal, and in return, Ixtal has given me its trust.
Mortality breeds fear; fear decays into destruction. An endless cycle, an infinite curse.
Mortals squander their short lives—slaughtering all they can for a modicum of power.
Mortals are so precious. Like young brackerings, they must be protected, until they can safely leave their broodmother's back.
My adornments are tributes from my people; a sign of their deference and love.
Not all Yun Tal can be trusted: I will silenceanywho plot against me—against Ixtal.
Life is a desperate struggle to carve meaning from a brief existence.
I feel movements in the vibration of the earth; like threads, they are plucked and thrum.
I lead not through fear, but through wisdom and respect.
I live beneath the earth, where I hear everything above. There, I listen... andwait.
I yearn for the days when Ixtal lined the streets to see me... adore me... love me.
This world is blinded by wrath and ruin.
It is through my sovereignty that Ixtal continues to survive.
I am no mindless beast.
The sins of mortals are paid with the blood of their progeny.
I am the firstYun Tal, and I will be the last.
Whispers of rebellion swell into screams—I am listening.
To walk among people... I have missed this.
I am always listening.
I may have faded into legend, but I am no mere story.
Icathia,Shurima—civilizations fall whileIendure.
I carry my broodmother's name with pride.
To protect what is mine, I will tear this land to shreds.
Only I am willing to do what is necessary.
I am the last bastion of Ixtal.
Ixtal's enemies—myenemies—will tremble at my name!
I left my brood many millennia ago.
The threads of movementthrumbeneath me.
I have seen the worst this world has to offer.
Peace is a fragile thing.
I know what danger stirs beyond Ixtal's borders.
I will be the last one standing!
I amcataclysm!
Annihilation!
Drown in earth!
I am your ruin!
Tremble!
Bend theearth!
Tornasunder!
I willburyyou!
You arepowerless!
Bow before me.
You'remine!
Feel my sting!
Flesh and bone!
I have wandered too far from home.
I hear the cries of my people...!
Get back!
They will not live to repeat that mistake.
I will repay them in kind.
I rise from the earth.
I am ancient; I am eternal.
I am the endandthe beginning.
Tremble before me!
What was that? I hear only the rumbling ofrocks.
What was that? I hear only the rumbling ofrocks.
Tremble before me!
My voice is venom!
Your pain, my reward!
Feel the threads of vibration!
Mass Effect